Cowboy Business Machines sell specialized printers and associated products to car dealerships and financial companies. Occasionally the printers break and customers would like them repaired. They have decided to hire an outside firm to perform the repairs for them. Two firms are competing for the business. As the business analyst and you must determine which company would better meet their needs. The main criterion is how quickly they can repair the printers called the repair turnaround time. A conceptual overview of the service repair business process is provided along with the definition of an RMA – Return Material Authorization. The data from an RMA is mapped into Excel. The two firms have both provided a text file with their repair history for the year. The data is imported from these text files into Excel before analysis can begin. The data is dirty, there are duplicate data rows, some fields are encoded into text strings and the key fields for Product and Regions need to be harmonized with cross-reference tables. Excel functions are used to clean the data – a must before the data can be analyzed. Some of the needed data has been encoded into text strings. Excel text functions are used to parse out the needed information. The goal is to calculate the repair turnaround time i.e. that is the net working days between the start of the repair and the ship date back to the customer, so we will work with dates in Excel. Some of the fields need to be combined to make new fields. I will show you several logical functions to build new fields.  The date must be harmonized with the same name and values of key fields like Product and Region. I show you how to use the VLOOKUP function with cross-reference tables to harmonize the data. With all of the fields harmonized, the data can be consolidated into one file. Excel tfeaturesare used to remove duplicate data rows. The data is then summarized with PivotTables using filters and the results are visually displayed with a PivotChart.